JS SDK version migration doc improvements (#863)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/version-migration-guide.mdx

Another significant improvement in the latest version (v1.1) is that the <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode">device mode</Link> destinations are published as individual plugins and loaded dynamically as per the dashboard configurations. In v1, the device mode destinations were bundled with the core SDK.

## Migrating to JavaScript SDK v1.1

> If you have installed the JavaScript SDK v1 from RudderStack CDN, you can simply upgrade it to v1.1 by updating the script tag in your website as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have installed the JavaScript SDK v1 from the RudderStack CDN, you can simply upgrade it to v1.1 by updating the script tag in your website, as shown:
```

<script src="https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/rudder-analytics.min.js" />
```

> ## Migration based on JavaScript SDK v1 installation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Other migration scenarios
```

Reviewer 2: The heading can be simple here but feel free to change as needed.

> The below section covers detailed steps to migrate to JavaScript SDK v1.1 depending on how you installed JavaScript SDK v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers the detailed steps on migrating to JavaScript SDK v1.1 depending on how you installed the JavaScript SDK v1.
```

### Forwarded/proxied RudderStack CDN

<div class="successBlock">

> Refer to the <Link to="/user-guides/how-to-guides/custom-domains/#setup-for-serving-the-sdk">Custom Domains</Link> guide to use a custom domain to forward or proxy the JavaScript SDK hosted on RudderStack CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the <Link to="/user-guides/how-to-guides/custom-domains/#setup-for-serving-the-sdk">Custom Domains</Link> guide to use a custom domain to forward or proxy the JavaScript SDK hosted on the RudderStack CDN.
```

</div>

The following steps assume that you are using AWS CloudFront to forward or proxy the RudderStack CDN:

1.  Go to **Behaviors** and verify that the sub-path `/v1.1/*` is **not configured to be blocked** in any way. This is required to ensure that both the core SDK and destination SDKs are forwarded properly.

> 2. Update the script tag in your website as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the script tag in your website, as shown:
```

<script src="https://<subdomain>.<yourdomain>.com/v1.1/rudder-analytics.min.js" />
```

### Self-hosted JavaScript SDK

<div class="successBlock">
Refer to the <Link to="/user-guides/how-to-guides/self-hosting-js-sdk/">How to host JavaScript SDK on your CDN/Storage</Link> guide for detailed steps on self hosting the JavaScript SDK on your CDN or storage.
</div>

To migrate the self-hosted JavaScript SDK to v1.1, follow any of the three options based on your folder structure:

- If you have self-hosted the JavaScript SDK in the below recommended structure:

  <img src="../../../../assets/js-sdk-recommended-folder-structure.png" alt="Recommended structure for self-hosting RudderStack's CDN" />

  <br/>

>   Meaning, the file name for the JavaScript SDK is `rudder-analytics.min.js`, and the device mode destination SDKs are located next to the core SDK file under the `js-integrations` directory, update the script tag in your website as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this structure, the file name for the JavaScript SDK is `rudder-analytics.min.js` and the device mode destination SDKs are located next to the core SDK file under the `js-integrations` directory. To migrate to v1.1, update the script tag in your website, as shown:
```

    ```html

>     <script src="https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/rudder-analytics.min.js"></script>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <script src="https://<subdomain>.<yourdomain>.com/rudder-analytics.min.js"></script>
```

    ```

>   - If the file name of your self-hosted JavaScript SDK is `rudder-analytics.min.js`, but the destination SDKs are **not** located next to the core SDK file under the `js-integrations` directory, update the script tag in your website as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the file name of your self-hosted JavaScript SDK is `rudder-analytics.min.js` but the destination SDKs are **not** located next to the core SDK file under the `js-integrations` directory, update the script tag in your website, as shown:
```

      ```html
      <script>
      // rudderanalytics object initialization
      // provide the location of the destination SDKs in the load options
      rudderanalytics.load(WRITE_KEY, DATA_PLANE_URL, {
          destSDKBaseURL: "https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/custom-js-integrations"
      });
      // ...
      </script>

>       <script src="https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/rudder-analytics.min.js"></script>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <script src="https://<subdomain>.<yourdomain>.com/rudder-analytics.min.js"></script>
```

      ```

- If your JavaScript SDK file name is **not** `rudder-analytics.min.js`, update the script tag in your website, as shown:

  ```html
  <script>
  // rudderanalytics object initialization
  // provide the location of the destination SDKs in the load options
  rudderanalytics.load(WRITE_KEY, DATA_PLANE_URL, {

>       destSDKBaseURL: "https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/js-integrations"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      destSDKBaseURL: "https://<subdomain>.<yourdomain>.com/js-integrations"
```

  });
  // ...
  </script>

>   <script src="https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/<your-custom-analytics-file>.js"></script>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <script src="https://<subdomain>.<yourdomain>.com/<path-to-custom-analytics-file>"></script>
```

  ```

### Using NPM

> The latest NPM package is based on JavaScript SDK v1.1 architecture and is released with the 2.x.x version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest NPM package is based on the JavaScript SDK v1.1 architecture and is released with the 2.x.x version.
```

```
## Loading device mode destinations

> Depending on the dashboard settings, all the destination SDKs are loaded from https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/ by default. A specific destination SDK can be located at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the dashboard settings, all the destination SDKs are loaded from https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/ by default. You can locate a specific destination SDK at https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/&lt;destination_name&gt;.min.js.
```

Reviewer: Tweaked this slightly for continuity and better readability.

> By default, the device mode destinations are loaded from https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/, depending on the dashboard settings. The name of the destination is appended to the URL as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the dashboard settings, the destination SDKs are loaded from https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/ by default. The destination SDKs can be located at:
```

> https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/&lt;destination_name&gt;.min.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For example, the path for HubSpot is: https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/HubSpot.min.js, and Google Analytics is: https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/GA.min.js, etc.

However, if you are loading the device mode destinations from a custom path using any of the below methods:

- Forwarded/proxied RudderStack CDN

> - Self-hosted JavaScript SDK

Reviewer 2: Can we add hyperlinks to those corresponding sections?
